About Tzedek
Tzedek is a revolutionary E-commerce  platform that embodies the principles of justice, equality, and community. Our name, inspired by the Hebrew word for "justice" or "righteousness," reflects our commitment to creating a fair, seamless and inclusive online marketplace.


Our Vision
We envision a world where anyone can turn their passion into a successful online business, regardless of geographical location or financial resources. Our platform is designed to foster innovation, creativity, and fair competition, enabling businesses to grow and succeed in a rapidly evolving digital landscape.

Our Mission
At Tzedek, we empower entrepreneurs and businesses to thrive in the digital age. Our platform provides a seamless and secure environment for individuals to rent virtual shops, showcase their products, and offer services to a global audience.

Our Values
- Fairness: We strive to create a level playing field for all businesses, regardless of size or background.
- Community: We foster connections and collaborations among our members, promoting mutual support and growth.
- Innovation: We continuously update and improve our platform to meet the evolving needs of our users.

Our Features 
- Virtual Shop Rentals: Rent a virtual shop and showcase your products to a global audience.
- Product Showcase: Upload and manage your products with ease, including images, descriptions, and pricing.
- Service Offerings: Offer services such as consulting, freelancing, or digital products.
- Secure Payment Gateway: Enjoy secure and reliable payment processing.
- Customer Support: Get assistance from our dedicated support team.
  *Community driven support: entrepreneurs and students in our community gets supports from time to time
 *Passive and Active incentives: through the referral and networking back office tree, we have lots cash returns
* Bonuses and discounts:
All products from our main store has discount and bonuses are given to active members


Join the Tzedek Community
Whether you're an entrepreneur, artisan, or service provider, Tzedek offers a unique opportunity to reach new customers, showcase your products, and grow your business. Rent a virtual shop, join our community, and start selling today!
Tzedekgreen@gmail.com 



Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
General Questions
1. What is Tzedek?: Tzedek is an E-commerce platform where you can rent virtual shops, sell goods, and offer services.
2. How do I get started?: Sign up on our platform, choose a shop plan, and start uploading your products or services.

Shop Rental
1. How do I rent a shop?: Browse our shop plans, choose one that suits you, and complete the rental process.
2. What are the benefits of renting a shop?: Renting a shop on Tzedek gives you access to a global audience, secure payment processing, and customer support.

Selling and Services
1. What types of products can I sell?: You can sell physical goods, digital products, or offer services like consulting or freelancing.
2. How do I manage my inventory?: You can manage your inventory through our platform's dashboard.

Payment and Fees
1. How do I get paid?: We offer secure payment processing through various payment gateways.
2. What are the fees?: Our fees include transaction fees, rental fees, and other charges, which are outlined in our Terms of Service.

Customer Support
1. How do I contact customer support?: You can reach us through our contact form, email, or live chat.
2. What are your support hours?: Our support team is available [insert hours or timezone].

Security and Trust
1. Is my information secure?: Yes, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal and financial information.
2. How do you ensure trust between buyers and sellers?: We implement various measures, including rating systems and dispute resolution processes.

If you have more questions or need further clarification, feel free to contact us!


Company Policy
At Tzedek, we are committed to providing a fair, secure, and innovative online marketplace. Our company policies are designed to ensure a positive experience for all users.

General Policies
1. Terms of Service: By using Tzedek, you agree to our Terms of Service, which outline the rules and guidelines for using our platform.
2. User Conduct: You are responsible for maintaining a professional and respectful demeanor on our platform.
3. Intellectual Property: You own the intellectual property rights to the content you upload, and you grant us permission to display it on our platform.

Payment and Fees
1. Payment Terms: Our payment terms are outlined in our Terms of Service.
2. Fees: We charge [insert fees] for using our platform, which may include transaction fees, rental fees, or other charges.

Dispute Resolution
1. Dispute Resolution Process: We have a dispute resolution process in place to resolve conflicts between buyers and sellers.
2. Mediation: We may use mediation to resolve disputes.

Security and Data Protection
1. Data Protection: We take reasonable steps to protect your personal and financial information.
2. Security Measures: We implement industry-standard security measures to safeguard our platform.

Termination
1. Account Termination: We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your account if you violate our Terms of Service.
2. Notice: We will provide notice before terminating your account, except in cases of severe violations.

Changes to Company Policy
1. Updates: We may update our company policies from time to time.
2. Notice: We will provide notice of changes to our policies.

By using Tzedek, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by our company policies.


Logo Colour....... Any colour formed from green

Branding interface should be  colour from gold, green , white, etc

Package  
Preneur 10k.      Pro 30k Premium. 50k



Updtate the packages
add new images shop   
<!-- <div class="preloader-subtitle">Justice • Equality • Community</div> -->
